Project 2
written.text

Name: Scott Fullenbaum
Login ID: sfulle03


Written #1:  How much time I spent on this assignment
-----------------------------------------------------

Please estimate of the amount of time you spent on this assignment
(each week) in hours, e. g., 6.5 hours.  Be as accurate as you can,
but we know you are not keeping a timer going: just give your best
estimate.

Week 1 time: 5-6 hours
Week 2 time:


Written #2:  How I tested my code
---------------------------------

Week 1 testing:
Card class testing:
To test the card class, I created several card objects and tested if I could 
correctly get the outputs and that the member functions worked properly. 

CardLinkedList.cpp testing:
I decided to test memory leakage at the end, as I'm least comfortable with 
that, but other than that, I had 8 tests that I needed to run for the linked 
list. I needed six tests in total for adding/removing a node, as adding/
removing at the beginning, middle, or end requires different functions. To 
test, I created a linked list, and then added or removed specific nodes from 
it. I ran into some issues with inserting/removing a node at the middle. I 
fixed this by changing my pointers a bit and made a drawing to make sure it 
worked. I tested get_card_at() by using it to display the value of each node. 
Finally, I made sure num_cards() was working and being updated properly by 
making sure the rest of my code was giving correct results, as I used it to 
determine a bunch of other things in my linked list or testing code.

Deck.cpp testing:
I tested both constructors by creating an object using both of them, and then 
printing to make sure it gave the correct output. To test number_of_cards(), I 
ran it on a file and made sure the correct output was displayed. Then, to test 
inspect_top_card(), I ran the code with several files and the 
inspect_top_card() function to make sure the top card was displayed properly. 
To test draw_top_card(), I repeated a similar process. I ran into a bug where I 
realized I was returning the incorrect card and was not removing it correctly. 
Finally, I tested add_card_at() by adding a bunch of cards to a Deck and then 
displaying the output. 

Valgrind testing:
I saved this for last as I was the least confident as to how I could go around 
and verify this. I ran into some initial memory loss when running all of my 
debugging code, so to fix this, I went function by function testing each 
individual one to see where the memory loss was. I eventually figured it out 
and was able to remove most of the memory issues.

Week 2 testing:


Written #3: Your comments on the project
----------------------------------------

Tell us what you learned from this project.  What did you like about
it? Do you have any suggestions for improving it? Did you enjoy it?
Fill in the first section after week 1, and then at the end of week
2 tell us how things looked then. Don't edit your week 1 comments
for week 2, but you are welcome to tell us in the second section
that you've changed your opinion!

Week 1 (tell us your thoughts after week 1):
I liked the project and really thought it was useful for being able to 
understand how linked lists work and on how to use them. Also, at it's core, it 
didn't feel like the project was an insane amount of work. However, I wish that 
we spent a little more time on understanding Valgrind. Beyond the fact that I 
want 0 bytes of memory lost, I really didn't understand what was going on with 
Valgrind, and think it would have made the debugging process a little easier if 
I did. 


Week 2 (add additional comments after week 2):
