HW 6
written.text

Name: Scott Fullenbaum
Login ID: sfulle03


Written #1:  How I tested my code
---------------------------------
Testing for step #1:
    To test my Animal class, I performed three tests. To first test my 
constructors, I created two different animals, one that took in no input and 
the other that used the file to get the inputs. Then from main, I output the 
result of each value from the constructor using the member functions to make 
sure they were working properly. 

Testing for steps #2 and #3: 
I ended up combining my tests for #2 and #3, because once I built the 
Animal_Array_List.cpp, I thought the best way to test it would be to read in 
the information from the database files. I used initialize_DB to create the 
arraylist, then I printed it out. To check that it worked correctly, I ran it 
with short_animals.db, and made sure each output manually matched what was in 
the file. My testing caught a bug where the array list wasn't being expand 
properly, and to fix it, I realized I had to double m_capacity when expanding 
so the new capacity would be stored properly. I then tested it on animals.db, 
but  just made sure the last couple of entries matched the information from the 
file, as it would have taken too long to check for every animal. After testing 
for steps #2 and #3, I ran 11test. 
    Additionally, I ended up determining my deconstructor worked by 
creating a bug where I deleted my arraylist in main in addition to in the 
deconstructor. Since this was deleting it twice, I kept getting segmentation 
fault errors, and by only deleting the arraylist in the deconstructor, I saw it 
was able to work correctly.


Testing for step #4:
    To test if my classification function was correct, I ran my program several 
times on short_animals.db and animals.db, running it with different 
classifications as inputs. I then checked each file for which animals fell 
under a specific classification, and made sure that the correct outputs were 
displayed. For animal.db, I checked that a couple of them for each 
classification matched, as again, the file is too big for me to cross reference 
every data point. I also ran 11test again, just to make sure that I didn't make 
any mistakes with implementing do_classification_report, as I had to implement 
a conditional in main so that do_classification_report could run at the right 
time.


Written #2:  How much time I spent on this assignment
-----------------------------------------------------
I think I spent around 4 hours on this assignment.

